Fixed #31983 -- Added system check for file system caches location. (#13389)
django/django: docs/topics/cache.txt

directory ``/var/tmp/django_cache`` exists and is readable and writable by the
user ``apache``.

.. warning::

>     **If the caches LOCATION is a sub directory of** :setting:`MEDIA_ROOT`, :setting:`STATIC_ROOT` **or** :setting:`STATICFILES_FINDERS`, **this can lead to arbitrary remote code execution or information leaking.**

Reviewer: possessive: `cache's`
`subdirectory`
also note the rest of the file wraps at approx. 79 chars

>     An attacker access the cache file can not only falsified html content, which your site will trust, but also remotely execute arbitrary code, as the data is serialized using pickle.

Reviewer: "An attacker who gains access to the cache file can not only falsify"

Author: Thanks a lot, sorry about my poor English!

Reviewer: no problem!

directory ``/var/tmp/django_cache`` exists and is readable and writable by the
user ``apache``.

.. warning::

>     **If the cache's LOCATION is a subdirectory of** :setting:`MEDIA_ROOT`,

Reviewer 2: Add blank line.

directory ``/var/tmp/django_cache`` exists and is readable and writable by the
user ``apache``.

.. warning::

>     **If the cache's LOCATION is a subdirectory of** :setting:`MEDIA_ROOT`,
>     :setting:`STATIC_ROOT` **or** :setting:`STATICFILES_FINDERS`, **this
>     can lead to arbitrary remote code execution or information leaking.**

Reviewer 3: I don't think that we need this text to be emboldened.

```suggestion
    If the cache's ``LOCATION`` is contained within :setting:`MEDIA_ROOT`,
    :setting:`STATIC_ROOT`, or :setting:`STATICFILES_FINDERS`, sensitive data
    may be exposed.
```

Author: I think this text should be kept, we should tell users if misconfiguration will cause harm, and this problem does exist and the exploit conditions are not hard when cache path matches `MEDIA_ROOT`.

You can find the detail on email of security team.

Reviewer 3: I haven't removed the text in my suggestion, just altered it. I can't understand how remote code execution is a possibility unless you are storing and retrieving code from your cache which just shouldn't be done in the first place. As I see it, the issue is mainly about leaking sensitive data.

Author: Since file cache use pickle to load cache content, so we can upload some malicious file to replace the cache file or anthoer `HEAD` request method cache when cache path matches `MEDIA_ROOT`, and then access the URL which we replaced cache file can we get remote code execution.

I think it is not too hard to process, or it has an easier method can get a remote code execution which we don't need to add any `cache_page` wrappers, and it is in new version 3.2.

Therefore, I think that after warning leaking sensitive data, we need to add a warning about remote code execution, this is also the purpose of creating this patch.

>     may be exposed and may be lead to arbitrary remote code execution.

Reviewer: "and may be lead to" is not right -- prefer "and may lead to" or even better "and could lead to" or even better yet just strike this part entirely and then mention remote code execution (if at all) as you have in the subsequent paragraph, rather than mention it twice.

Author: Thanks a lot

    An attacker who gains access to the cache file can not only falsify

>     html content, which your site will trust, but also remotely execute

Reviewer: HTML
